Officialize validate refactor (#4114)
demisto/demisto-sdk: demisto_sdk/commands/validate/old_validate_readme.md

## Validate

> Makes sure your content repository files are in order and have valid yml file scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Makes sure your content repository files are in order and have a valid yml file scheme.
```

**Notes**

In order to run the README validator:
- Node should be installed on you machine
- The modules '@mdx-js/mdx', 'fs-extra', 'commander' should be installed in node-modules folder.
    If not installed, the validator will print a warning with the relevant module that is missing.

>     please install it using "npm install *missing_module_name*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Install it using "npm install *missing_module_name*"
```

- 'DEMISTO_README_VALIDATION' environment variable should be set to True.
    To set the environment variables, run the following shell commands:
    export DEMISTO_README_VALIDATION=True

> In case of a private repo and an un-configured 'DEMISTO_SDK_GITHUB_TOKEN' or 'DEMISTO_SDK_GITLAB_TOKEN' validation of version bumps in files will be done with the local remote git branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a private repo and an un-configured 'DEMISTO_SDK_GITHUB_TOKEN' or 'DEMISTO_SDK_GITLAB_TOKEN', validation of version bumps in files will be done with the local remote git branch.
```

`demisto-sdk validate --post-commit`
This indicates that the command runs post commit.
<br><br>

`demisto-sdk validate -i Packs/HelloWorld/Integrations/HelloWorld/HelloWorld.yml`
This will validate the file Packs/HelloWorld/Integrations/HelloWorld/HelloWorld.yml only.
<br><br>

`demisto-sdk validate -a`
This will validate all files under `Packs` directory
<br><br>

`demisto-sdk validate -i Packs/HelloWorld`
This will validate all files under the content pack `HelloWorld`
<br><br>

`demisto-sdk validate -i Packs/HelloWorld --run-specific-validations BA101`
This will validate all files under the content pack `HelloWorld` using only the validation corresponds to the error code BA101.
<br><br>

`demisto-sdk validate -i Packs/HelloWorld --run-specific-validations BA`
This will validate all files under the content pack `HelloWorld` using only the validations from error type of BA.
<br><br>

### Notes
* In external repositories (repos which contain the `.private-repo-settings` file in its root) **all** the validations are ignorable.

### Error Codes and Ignoring Them
Starting in version 1.0.9 of Demisto-SDK, each error found by validate (excluding `pykwalify` errors) has an error

> code attached to it - the code can be found in brackets preceding the error itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code attached to it. The code can be found in brackets preceding the error itself.
```

For example: `path/to/file: [IN103] - The type field of the proxy parameter should be 8`

The first 2 letters indicate the error type and can be used to easily identify the cause of the error.
| Code | Type |
| --- | --- |
| BA | Basic error |
| BC | Backwards compatibility error |
| CJ | Conf json error |
| CL | Classifier error |
| DA | Dashboard error |
| DB | DBootScore error |
| DO | Docker error |
| DS | Description error |

> | ID | Id set error |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ID | ID set error |
```

| IF | Incident field or type error |
| IM | Image error |
| IN | Integration or script error |
| IT | Incident type error |
| MA | Mapper error |
| PA | Pack files error (pack-metadata, pack-secrets, pack-ignore) |
| PB | Playbook error |
| RM | Readme error |
| RN | Release notes error |
| RP | Reputation error |
| SC | Script error |
| ST | Structure error |
| WD | Widget error |

> If you wish to ignore errors for a specific file in the pack insert the following to the `pack-ignore` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ignore errors for a specific file in the pack, add the following to the `pack-ignore` file.
```

```buildoutcfg
[file:FILE_NAME]
ignore=BA101
```

> For more information, please see the following [document](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/packs/content-management#development).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the following [document](https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/reference/packs/content-management#development).
```
